refactor: use generate types for custom view (#591)
commercetools/test-data: .changeset/lovely-waves-notice.md

---
'@commercetools-test-data/custom-view': patch
---

> - Use generate types for custom view
> - Include custom application installation in custom view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use generated types for custom view
- Include custom view installation in custom view
```
Maybe we should simply keep the first line
